#### I do not own any of the text, images or videos used in this project, Images were sourced from unsplash.com and videos were sourced from youtube. Text was generated by chatgpt. They are used purely as a portfolio piece.

#### Link to Render Site [click here](https://python-assignment-submission.onrender.com)
`need to cmd + click on the above link`

#### Link to GithubRepo [click here](https://github.com/Emmaf97/Python_assignment_submission)
`need to cmd + click on the above link`

# Flask Project for Gym Website
## Goal of project
### To allow newcomers to connect with trainers who specialise in different personal training programs. Allow seasoned veterans to get information on different workouts.


# Creating Virtual Environment
## create virtual environment by using the:
`python3 -m venv name_of_environment`
## Activate the environment using the:
`source name_of_environemnt/bin/activate`
## then install packages as required.
`e.g. pip install flask`
will install the flask package and its other dependencies.

## Feature 1
#### --- LightMode ---
Users can switch from Darkmode to LightMode by clicking on the icon.

## Feature 2
#### --- Form Validation ---
Contact form has validation on the input fields. Some fields only allow text, some allow only numbers, some require certain length and specific characters (email address with @ format correct email ending e.g. gmail)

## Feature 3
#### --- Text Animation  ---
Adding animation to text to add creative css to the project.

## Feature 4
#### -- Login/Signup ---
The user can login(partially complete) and signup(work in progress) using the login and signup forms. As this project doesn't require a database I am using a json file to add and retrieve the data, in order to verify the login credentials and add a new user to the json file via the signup functionality.
